Update all redirects from /api-overview to /core-okta-api (#2482)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/concepts/events-api-migration/index.md

1. [Events API](/docs/reference/api/events): The `next` link always exists, since the [Events API](/docs/reference/api/events/) is like a stream of data with a cursor.
2. [System Log API](/docs/reference/api/system-log/): The `next` link always exists in polling queries in the [System Log API](/docs/reference/api/system-log/). A polling query is defined as an `ASCENDING` query with an empty or absent `until` parameter. Like in the [Events API](/docs/reference/api/events/), the polling query is a stream of data.

> See [Transferring Data to a Separate System](/docs/reference/api/system-log/#transferring-data-to-a-separate-system) and the general information on [Link Headers](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#link-header) for additional details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Transferring Data to a Separate System](/docs/reference/api/system-log/#transferring-data-to-a-separate-system) and the general information on [Link Headers](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#link-header) for more information.
```
